AI USAGE JOURNAL
VAINQUEUR MUKENYI
VMUKENYI@UMD.EDU
SECTION 0301

WEEK 1:
This week I used AI mainly for simple clarifications on code. I would complete the tasks in the excercises then show My code to chatgpt & ask chatgpt to
go step by step on everything I did incorrecty. This includes syntax errors, logic errors, etc. for the most part it wasnt really difficult, I mainly used
it for clarification for this refresher of an assignment. I didnt use a chatgpt account for this so all the questions wont be in a link if I were to put
them there, but here's an example question I would ask:
"Hello chat is there anything wrong with the code? Please go step by step". & I would go from there.

WEEK 2:
Mainly the same as last week except I used mostly chatgpt on numbers 26 & 30 & much like last week, for the most part, I wowuld complete a question and for
ones I wasnt sure about, I would ask chatgpt for a step by step for what I did wrong.

WEEK 3:
Again AI usage was very similar to week 2, questions I relied most on AI for were 8 and 19, and 30, but especially for 30, I needed help formatting the code 
for that question because it was a bit difficult to understand. I wowuld complete a question and for ones I wasnt sure about, I would ask chatgpt for a step
by step for what I did wrong. The AI is useful for understanding the concepts and as a study tool.

WEEK 4:
Again AI usage was very similar to week 2 & 3, questions I relied most on AI for were 17, 18, 19, & 20. Once again I needed help formatting the code 
for that question because it was a bit difficult to understand. I wowuld complete a question and for ones I wasnt sure about, I would ask chatgpt for a step
by step for what I did wrong. The AI is useful for understanding the concepts and as a study tool.

WEEK 5:
Again AI usage was very similar to week 2 & 3, & 4 It wasn't so much the questions I misunderstood as it was the content of the lectures themselves which is 
still difficult, but I did need AI assistance for quite a good chunk of questions, specifically how to make what I coded up look logical

WEEK 6:
Similar to pervious weeks only I used AI for the checks, and to make it easier I highlighted which questions I used AI for.
